docs: Document Guppy libraries (#1552)
CQCL/guppylang: docs/library-docs/overview.md

of the library can install and program against them. This distribution may or may not contain the Hugr package as well.

## Using a library

Let's call the library in the example above `super_guppy`.
That is, the library author has published a distribution containing the stubs above, to be imported `from super_guppy`.
A consumer of the library has installed that distribution using their favourite package manager (either from an index,
or by downloading the stub repository).

The consumer may now program against the API as follows:

```python
from guppylang import guppy
from guppylang.std.builtins import result
from super_guppy import my_func, a_third_func

@guppy
def consumer_func() -> None:
    my_func()
    result("library_call", a_third_func(5))

@guppy
def main() -> None:
    consumer_func()
```

In this case, the consumer aims to create an executable Hugr package (e.g. by calling `main.compile()` and creating a
package with a single, argument-less entrypoint). However, the created Hugr package is incomplete: It lacks the function
bodies of the library functions, and thus cannot be executed.

> Thus, `hugr-py` MUST provide means to link the library Hugr package into the consumer Hugr package. For convenience, the

Reviewer: given this is a minimal requirement, please include the proposed hugr-py interface for linking packages together

library Hugr package may be provided to the consumer program executor, so that it can be automatically linked in before

> lowering to QIR. For example, using selene, this may look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compiling to binary. For example, using selene, this may look like:
```

we do not go via QIR

@guppy
def consumer_func() -> None:
    my_func()
    result("library_call", a_third_func(5))

@guppy
def main() -> None:
    consumer_func()
```

In this case, the consumer aims to create an executable Hugr package (e.g. by calling `main.compile()` and creating a
package with a single, argument-less entrypoint). However, the created Hugr package is incomplete: It lacks the function
bodies of the library functions, and thus cannot be executed.

Thus, `hugr-py` MUST provide means to link the library Hugr package into the consumer Hugr package. The proposed
mechanism for this is to allow operations on Hugr packages that (a) allow to add modules and extensions from other
packages, and (b) allow to combine multiple modules inside the same package into a single module. In code, this may look
like:

```python
from hugr.package import Package

package_a: Package = ...
package_b: Package = ...
package_c: Package = ...

# (a) add modules and extensions from other packages
package_a.add_from(package_b).add_from(package_c)

# (b) combine multiple modules into a single module inside the package
package_a.link_modules()
# Now package_a contains a single module with all the functions

> # from package_a, package_b, and package_c

Reviewer 2: Let's also mention the entrypoint (error if more than one Hugr has a non-module-entrypoint; keep that entrypoint if there is exactly one such)
